1.0 INTRODUCTION
This is the user's manual for the DARPA Space System Cost
Study Contract -Automated Database. This document provides
a description of the user interface, the processing, and the
output information that is provided as part of the automated
database. Sample screen displays are provided as examples.
A high level flow diagram is also provided. This flow
diagram shows in linear format, the steps involved in
executing the automated database. The DARPA automated
database will hereinafter be referred to as the DARPASS
(DARPA Spacc System Model).
The model is designed to run on a standard IBM PC or
compatible. It is configured so that it may be executed
using a dual disk drive arrangement or a single IOMEGA disk
cartridge. The DARPASS is capable of providing graphics on
machines equipped with enhanced graphics adapters, color
graphics adapters, or monochrome Hercules board
configurations. The model is operable in a stand alone
configuration, i.e., no special pieces of software or
hardware are required to access all of its capabilities. No
secondary licensing is required to distribute the DARPASS
program. Any primary licensing arrangements are at the
discretion of Martin Marietta Corporation.
Hard copies of the information are produced on standard dot
matrix printers. The DARPASS provides all hard copy printed
tables and other output reports in the same format as
displayed on the screen.
The DARPASS provides both cost and statistical data for a
Light Satellite conceptual design. The "baseline" cost
values contained in the DARPASS represent the expense of
developing and producing the Light Satellite under "start
from scratch" conditions. Alternate approaches to the
"start from scratch" conditions are constructed using the
Primary and Secondary Cost Variables. The DARPASS furnishes
the cost and cost reduction statistics associated with these
alternate approaches.
The DARPASS is menu controlled and error trapped to provide
the user with a simple vehicle for obtaining cost and
statistical information. The main menu, termed "DARPASS
Program Operations," is displayed following virtually all
tasks. This menu allows access to all operations of theDARPASS program and is displayed on the next page:
"ii
