8) SIZE/EFFICIENCY OF PRODUCTION FACILITY
This variable addresses the cost impact of using a largefacility involved in many contracts and having many required
operating procedures, versus using a smaller more
streamlined operation with additional flexible operating
procedures. This small operation could represent a special
subcontractor or a splinter operation from the main
contractor.Weight:
Oualitative Scale
B) Production facility is a large diversified operation
with many manufacturing efforts occurring concurrently;
shared facility and shared equipment. Very high
manufacturing overhead (150%+) with large engineering
groups charging indirect. Many operational procedures
in place. Detailed job accounting required due to
numerous contracts. Machine tools used for numerous
jobs. Scheduling of activities required and sometimes
difficult. Cost of building machines/tooling spread
over job shop business base.
1) Production facility is a large diversified operation
with only a few large efforts occurring concurrently.
Shared facility but equipment is often set up and
dedicated to specific jobs. High manufacturing
overhead (110%+) with few groups charging indirect.
Many operational procedures in place. Job accounting
required for few contracts. Scheduling of activities
required but less difficult. Cost of building
machines/tooling spread over job shop business base. I
2) Production facility is a medium-sized operation with
special manufacturing/assembling expertise involved on
few contracts. Equipment and even sections of the
operation may be set up and dedicated to specific
jobs. Medium manufacturing overhead (80%+).
Streamlined operational procedures. Job accounting
required for few contracts. Scheduling of activities
of little or no difficulty.
3) Production facility is a medium to small operation with
special manufacturing/assembling expertise dedicated to
one specific contract or oriented toward producing a
generic family of products. Much of the equipment and
facility is dedicated to a specific contract. Low
manufacturing overhead (50%+). Streamlined operationalprocedures. Simple job accounting required.Scheduling of activities is not difficult.
CANDIDATE VARIABLES -15
