After the baseline program cost values were established
(modeled), a list of candidate cost variables was
established. These variables represent cost reduction
approaches that address virtually all elements
comprising the total program cost. The list of
candidate variables was divided into Primary and
Secondary Cost Variables.
The Primary Cost Variables were targeted as items that
could be controlled by the contracting agency. This
control could be exerted either by specifications or
special instructions to exclude/include the activity
from a normal spacecraft development approach.
The Secondary Cost Variables were items that would
probably be controlled by the contractor. The
contracting agency may have an influence on these cost
variables, but the ultimate control responsibility
rests with the contractor. Controlling these cost
elements often becomes a management challenge to
diverge from current culture.
All of the investigated candidate variables had a
potential for program cost savings. Each had three
options or degrees of sensitivity. This implied that
the activities associated with candidate variables
could be implemented completely or as a subset.
The automated database/model (DARPASS) contains the
cost results for each item/task for each candidate
variable (Primary and Secondary) and the three options
for each. The total number of results derived as a
product of this study exceeds 45,000.
1.3 STUDY RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS
The results of the study have identified several
discrete areas of legitimate cost savings. Eleven
candidate variables were evaluated in detail; five
Primary and six Secondary Cost Variables. Each
variable had its own unique impact on the Development,
PEP, and Production Phases.
Some Cost Variables exhibited large cost savings in one
phase and may have exhibited a large cost investment in
another phase because to achieve a cost savings, an
investment in equipment/design or another resource may
have to be made. Many of the Cost Variables showed a
cost savings/investment in only one or two of the three
phases. Where no cost savings/investments values were
present, these results indicated that there was no cost
impact associated with the variable in those particular
phases.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY -3
