a!
The modeling process included evaluating three distinct
phases of hardware and software activities: the
Development Phase, the Produceability Engineering Phase
(PEP), and the Production Phase. These three phases
are described below.
The first phase was the Development, or Design and
Demonstration Phase. The scope of this activity
encompassed the modeling of 112 discrete items and
tasks. Included were: software, test equipment,
tests, analysis, structural items, electronic
components, mechanical items, and various management
tasks. The major end products of the Development Phase
were two protoflight communication-radio relay
spacecraft, MAGE (Mechanical Assembly Ground
Equipment), and EAGE (Electronic Assembly Ground
Equipment) required to support the flight unit's
development and launch integration.
The second phase was the Produceability Engineering
Phase (PEP). PEP was intended to clean up the design
and consolidate the changes resulting from the
Demonstration Phase. Additional PEP activities
accounted for production changes to the hardware,
tooling, test requirements, and process specifications,
enabling the communications-radio relay satellite to be
produced in quantity. The investment in tools and test
equipment required to meet the production rate were
also included in the PEP activity.
The final phase involved the actual production of the
low cost satellite vehicles. Several production
quantities were evaluated: 5, 25, 50, 100, and 150. A
production rate of five vehicles per month was achieved
for quantities of 100 and 150 with somewhat lower
production rates for lower production quantities. The
production effort assumed a "build to print" effort
with moderate levels of change traffic. All build and
test support tools/fixtures were included in the PEP
phase, while the production phase addressed only the
building, assembling, integrating, and testing of the
spacecraft and spacecraft parts.
A detailed description of the scope of effort for each
phase is contained in section 2.3 of this report.
The baseline program included cost values for each
discrete item (up to 112) for the three phases of
effort: Development, PEP, and Production. The 112
discrete items modeled and their costs were contained
in the automated database/model. Each item that wasaddressed during the Development Phase was carried
through the PEP and Production Phases, if appropriate.
I
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY -2
,I
