3) SYSTEM MODULARITY/DESIGN MODULARITY addresses the cost
impact of modular versus non-modular design.
B) Satellite and payload are essentially non-modular in
nature. Swapping of components/assemblies achieved only
with a great degree of difficulty.
1) Some of the more critical assemblies are modular in nature;
overall vehicle and subsystems require more traditional
satellite production methods.
2) Component parts are modular, subsystems are not. Assembly
of individual subsystems occurs in assembly line fashion;
system assembly requires more traditional methods.
3) High use of modular components and subsystems. Production
operations simulate an assembly line.
4) MISSION LIFE -LEVEL OF PERFORMANCE/RELIABILITY REQUIRED
addresses the cost impact related to length of mission life
and indicates the effect of more reliable parts on
component/assembly costs.
B) Mission requirements are for an extended mission life.
S class components -highest possible performance/
reliability required.
1) B Class components -very stringent design requirements.
Mission requirements are for a minimum of a two or three
year mission life. Satellite must operate effectively over
this period.
2) Mil standard components or less stringent design
requirements. Mission requirements are for a reduced
mission life of two to three years. Less stringent
component and assembly MTBFs. Less testing involved to
insure longevity of mission.
3) Commercial parts are available that meet performance/
reliability requirements. Mission requirements are for a
short mission life of less than two years.
5) MECHANICAL/STRUCTURAL MATERIALS AND TOLERANCES relates cost
to the types of materials used to produce the
spacecraft/payload and the exactness to which these parts
must be produced.
B) New materials, composites, or difficult alloys. Parts and
assemblies have very narrow tolerances. Some parts require
special manufacturing/assembly knowledge.
1) Relatively new material/composites requiring special
manufacturing/assembly expertise. Tolerances are difficult
on many parts and assemblies.
2) Typical material/composites with close but comfortable
tolerances. Some attributes of the manufacturing/assembly
process require special considerations.
3) Simple aluminum composites or equivalent. No special
tooling required for machining operations. Tolerances are
fairly easy to maintain on standard machine tools. Weight
savings are not a factor.
A-2
