8) SIZE/EFFICIENCY OF PRODUCTION FACILITY addresses the cost
impact of using a large facility involved in many contractsSversus using a smaller, more streamlined operation with more
flexible operating procedures.
B) Production facility is a large diversified operation with
many manufacturing efforts occurring concurrently. Shared
facility and shared equipment. Very high manufacturing
overhead (150+%) with large engineering groups charging
indirect.
1) Production facility is a large, diversified operation with
only a few large efforts occurring concurrently. Shared
facility, but equipment is often setup and dedicated to
specific jobs. High manufacturing overhead (110+%) few
groups charging indirect.
2) Production facility is a medium-sized operation with special
manufacturing/assembling expertise involved with a few
contracts. Equipment and even sections of the operation may
be set up and dedicated to specific jobs. Medium
manufacturing overhead (80+%). Streamlined operational
procedures.
3) Production facility is a medium to small operation with
special manufacturing/assembling expertise dedicated to one
specific contract or oriented towards producing a generic
family of products. Much of the equipment and facility is
dedicated to a specific contract. Low manufacturing
overhead (50+%).
9) MANUAL VERSUS AUTOMATED MANUFACTURING & TEST METHODS
addresses the cost savings/added costs of using automated
autonomous type manufacturing machine tools and test methods
versus traditional labor intensive machine tools.
B) Many manufacturing operations use labor intensive, manually
operated machine tools. Continuous equipment monitoring
required. Essentially all manual testing.
1) Most production operations are performed on older more
traditional machine tool equipment. Some critical
operations are performed on newer machine tools providing
some improvement in manufacturing efficiency. Some test
tools are available.
2) Automated/computer enhanced manufacturing methods are used
in most complex operations. These tools reduce production
costs. Tools are available on the factory floor. Test
tools are available in most critical aspects of testing
activities.
3) Extensive use of automated manufacturing methods. There is
a set of numerical controlled machinery and other computer
enhanced production tools that improve available production
efficiency. Full complement of automated test tools. Test
tools significantly increase efficiency of test operations.
A-4
