6) STREAMLINING MANAGEMENT OPERATIONS accounts for changes in
the management philosophy. There are controllable
programmatic factors that can reduce the level of management
and streamline the management process.
B) Formal and structured interface required with customer.
C-Spec financial accounting compulsory together with many
other compliance documents. Much interfacing is necessary
to gather essential requirements.
1) Management appears to have the capabilities to develop the
required products. Due to product familiarity some project
management tasks not necessary. Formal interface with
customer needed.
2) Good program management team. Much collocation of prime
contractor and team members. Less formal customer interface
required, minimal compliance specifications.
3) Management has extensive experience in product area. Prime
and team members are industry leaders in their respective
product lines. Extensive collocation of prime contractor
and team members. Informal customer interface required,
minimal compliance specifications.
7) LEVEL OF DELIVERABLE DOCUMENTATION REQUIRED addresses the
cost of various levels of required documentation and reveals
the associated costs of management and customer reviews.
B) Large amount of documentation required, many reviews with
top management approval. No tailoring of documentation
content permitted. Customer reviews/updates to
documentation are part of review process.
1) Large amount of documentation required, frequent reviews
with top management approval. Little tailoring of
documentation content permitted. Customer reviews/updates
to documentation are part of review process.
2) Less extensive documentation required, less detailed review
process. Tailoring is permitted to most documents; some
in-house documentation permitted. Customer review less
formal; most change traffic requires alteration to current
baseline.
3) Little documentation required, few formal reviews, heavy
tailoring permitted. Most specifications are in-house or
equivalent. Few documents required for submission.
Customer review generally informal. Change traffic requires
alteration to current baseline.
A-3
