------ ------
2) TESTING APPROACH
This variable addresses the cost effect of alternate testing
approaches. It encompasses the level of testing, i.e.,
system, subsystem, module, etc., the types of testing, and
the frequency of testing.
weight:
Qualitative Scale
B) Extensive testing: testing to the lowest functional
level, testing of all assemblies, subsystems, and
systems. Full battery of environmental and
non-environmental testing and acceptance testing.
Included would be: vibration, acoustical, thermal,
thermal vacuum, radiation, and all other space related
testing. Individual testing procedures required for
each major test. High frequency of testing; testing of
essentially every production unit. High number of
system/subsystem test articles. Each production unit
receives extensive qualification testing.
1) Testing to the first assembly level, subsystems, and
systems. Full battery of environmental and
non-environmental testing and acceptance testing. Due
to the nature of the vehicle and test facilities, some
tests can be performed using the same facilities or
done in parallel. Frequent testing; testing every
other production unit. Many system/subsystem testC' articles. Qualification test on every other productionunit. Some testing shortcuts established as testing
progresses.
2) Testing at the subsystem and system levels. Reduced
space vehicle testing; some environnmental/non-
environmental tests are not required. Thermal testing
not required due to known environment and component
capabilities; reduced transponder EM testing.
Extensive testing only occurs when changes are made to
design baseline. Infrequent use of test articles.
Qualification test about every third production unit.
3) Testing is mostly performed at the system level. Forproduction, test every fifth unit depending on lot
material buys, i.e., test first spacecraft unit for
each new lot of material. Very limited testing and
acceptance testing only. Non-destructive testing ordynamic testing against mass simulator; refurbishing
not required. Reduced space vehicle testing; some
environmental/non-environmental tests are not
required. Thermal testing not required due to known
environment and component capabilities; reduced
transponder EM testing because of previously certified
unit.
CANDIDATE VARIABLES -3
