1.0 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
1.1 STUDY OBJECTIVE
-- The objective of the "Space System Cost Study,"
contract MDA972-87CUU5, was to develop a methodology
and automated database/model that would enable DARPA to
evaluate *low cost satellite" programs and appropriate
cost reduction approaches. i
1.2 DESCRIPTION OF STUDY ACTIVITIES
The initial step in this cost study was to derive an
estimate for developing and producing a "light"
satellite under "business as usual" conditions. These
conditions include a "start from scratch" philosophy
and all the traditional operating procedures and
documentation associated with building a reliable
spacecraft.
The Martin Marietta "Lightsat" early conceptual design
was selected as the baseline from which all trades
would be performed. The selection of the baseline
design was an arbitrary decision based on available
data. The analysis could have been accomplished with
cany contractor's conceptual design.
The significance of the baseline cost modeling effort
was to determine a cost estimate that would represent
the current culture of the satellite industry. This
culture generally follows a "business as usual," "start
from scratch" development approach. The concept of
satellite production, especially a low cost version,
appears to be a deviation from the current industry
culture.
The baseline program emulates a typical Space Division
(U. S. Air Force Space Division) Mil-Std 1450B-type
spacecraft. The vehicle mission type used for the
analysis is a communications-radio relay spacecraft,
selected because one of the early DARPA spacecraft
missions is projected to be of this variety.
The cost estimates and trades to the baseline developed
as a result of this study, are applicable to any
spacecraft that contains a similar functional mix of
structure, payload, and electronics. Larger spacecraft
with a different mix of the aforementioned items may
not experience the same degree of potential costbenefits as the communications-radio relay vehicle.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY -I
