COMPOSITE STATISTICS
-SPACECRAFT TOTALS -This output option, graphical composite
statistics, operates in a similar manner to the previously
detailed individual statistics. The user receives from one to
ten graphical displays with each of the graphs representing a
specific production quantity.
The total percent cost savings values for Development, PEP,
Production, or total of all phases for each summary item are
graphed against the Cost Variables. These cost savings values
represent the absolute savings of each summary item to the total
baseline cost value. This absolute cost value for Composite
Statistics should be distinguished from the relative cost value
of the Individual Statistics. "Relative" represents the cost
savings percent of a summary item with respect to itself
(baseline cost). "Absolute" represents the cost savings percents
of a summary item with respect to the baseline cost of all
summary items combined (total cost of the spacecraft).
The cost savings percents are the y-axis, and the cost variables(one to 11) are the x-axis. The histograms represent the total
cost savings percents for different cost variables. The x-axis
is scaled for 11 variables. The only histograms that are present
are those that represent Cost Variables that have been selected.
Thus, there may be between one and 11 histograms. The height of
the histograms represents the absolute cost savings percents for
the Primary or Secondary Cost Variable for the summary item
compared to the total baseline cost.
There are occasions when there are fewer histograms than the
number of Primary or Secondary Cost Variables selected. This is
because some variables may have no impact on a particular item.
S
2 -SUBSYSTEM LEVEL operates in much the same way as individual
statistics detailed above. The user receives from one to 25
graphical displays. Each graph is for a specific production
quantity as selected by the user through the DISPLAY SAVINGS
menu.
The total percent cost savings values for Development, PEP,
Production, or total of all phases for each summary item is
graphed against the Cost Variables. These cost savings values
represent the absolute savings of each summary item to the total
baseline cost value. This absolute cost value for Composite
Statistics should be distinguished from the relative value of the
Individual Statistics. "Relative" represents the cost savings
percent of a summary item with respect to itself (baseline
cost). "Absolute" represents the cost savings percents of a
summary item with respect to the baseline cost of the total
spacecraft.
B-30
