APPENDIX A
@INTRODUCTION
This appendix contains the text for the Help screen provided
by the DARPASS for the Primary and Secondary cost
variables. In some cases, the text displayed on the CRT
screen has been tailored so that it fits on the screen.
1) USE OF EXISTING EQUIPMENT addresses the cost effect of using
equipment that exists or needs slight modification versus
equipment that must be developed from scratch or needs
extensive modification.
B) Essentially all equipment developed for the spacecraft/
payload is developed from scratch. No equipment currently
exists that supports the requirements.
1) Much of the required spacecraft/payload equipment has to be
developed from scratch. In some instances, existing design
can be used but requires major repackaging or similar design
modification.
2) Much of the equipment needed for the spacecraft/payload
exists in some form. Some items require repackaging but are
functionally similar to existing requirements.
3) Extensive use of existing equipment. Use of equipment
previously flight certified and flown on previous spacecraft
missions.
2) TESTING APPROACH addresses the cost effect of alternate
testing approaches and encompasses the level of testing, the
types of testing, and the frequency of testing.
B) Extensive testing; testing to the lowest functional level,
testing of all assemblies, subsystems, and systems. Full
battery of environmental and non-environmental testing and
acceptance testing.
1) Testing to the first assembly level, subsystems, and
systems. Full battery of environmental and non-
environmental testing and acceptance testing. Some tests
can be performed using the same facilities or done in
parallel.
2) Testing at the subsystem and system levels. Reduced space
vehicle testing; some environmental/non-environmental tests
are not required. Thermal testing not required due to known
environment and component capabilities; reduced transponder
EM testing.
3) Testing is performed essentially at just the system level.
For production, test every fifth unit depending on lot
material buys. Very limited and only acceptance testing.
A-1
