2 -SUBSYSTEM LEVEL -The user receives from one to 25 graphical
displays for the Space Division Subsystem summary items. Each
graph depicts a specific production quantity as selected in the
DISPLAY QUANTITY menu. The total percent cost savings values for
Development, PEP, Production or total of all phases (depending on
the user's selections) for each summary item (one to 25) is
graphed against the cost variables. These cost savings values
represent the relative savings of each summary item to that
summary item's baseline cost value.
The cost savings percents are the y-axis and the cost variables
(one to 11) are the x-axis. The histograms represent the total
cost savings percents for the Primary and Secondary Cost
Variables. The x-axis is scaled for 11 variables. The only
histograms that are present are those that represent the cost
variables selected by the user. Thus, there may be between one
and 11 histograms. The height of the histograms represents the 0
relative cost savings percents for the Primary or Secondary Cost
Variables for the item compared to its own baseline cost.
There are times when there are fewer histograms than the number
of Primary or Secondary Cost Variables selected. This is because
some variables may have no cost impact on a particular item.
3 -COMPONENT PARTS -The DARPASS will not provide graphical
displays to the component part level.
4 -TOTALS ONLY -The user receives one (1) graphical display.
The total cost savings percents for Development, PEP, Production
or total of all phases (depending on the user's selections) is
graphed against the Primary and Secondary Cost Variables. The
graph represents a specific production quantity as selected
through the DISPLAY QUANTITY menu.
The cost savings scale is the y-axis and the cost variables (one
to 11) is the x-axis. The histograms represent the total cost
savings percents for the different cost variables versus the
total baseline cost. The total percent cost savings values for
Development, PEP, Production or total of all phases (depending on
the user's selections) are graphed against cost variables. These
cost savings values represent the absolute savings of each
variable with respect to the total baseline cost.
SEE FOLLOWING PAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
BAR CHART DISPLAY EXAMPLE.
B-28
.. g..
