COST INFORMATION -LINE GRAPH DISPLAYS
1 -SPACECRAFT TOTALS -The user receives from one to ten
graphical displays depending on the number of Spacecraft/Payload
summary items that have been configured in the maintenance phase
and the number of summary items that were selected from the DATA
SUBLEVEL Menu. The total cost, unit cost, or cost savings for
Development, PEP, Production, or total of all phases (depending
on the user's selections) for each summary item (one to ten) is
graphed against production quantity. The cost scale is the
y-axis, and the production quantity (five to 150) is the x-axis.
The function represents the total cost curve, unit cost curve, or
cost savings curve for different production quantities.
2 -SUBSYSTEM LEVEL -The user receives from one to 25 graphical
displays depending on the number of Space Division Subsystem
summary items that were configured in the maintenance phase and
the number of those summary items selected from the DATA SUBLEVEL
menu. The total cost, unit cost, or cost savings values for
Development, PEP, Production, or total of all phases (depending
on the user's selections) for each summary item (one to 25) is
graphed against production quantity. The cost scale is the
y-axis, and the production quantity (five to 150) is the x-axis.
The function represents the total cost curve, unit cost curve, or
cost savings curve for different production quantities.
3 -COMPONENT PARTS -The DARPASS does not provide graphical
displays to the component part level.
4 -TOTALS ONLY -The user receives one (1) graphical display.
The total cost, unit cost, or cost savings values for
Development, PEP, Production or total of all phases (depending on
the user's selections) is graphed against production quantity.
The cost scale is the y-axis and the production quantity (five to
150) is the x-axis. The function represents the total cost
curve, unit cost curve, or cost savings curve for different
production quantities.
SEE FOLLOWING PAGES FOR COST INFORMATION
LINE GRAPH DISPLAY EXAMPLES.
B-19
